guys few time I'll be reviewing the
sensational instant fashion wig gala
della I don't know why I was going to
make things a different name know who
they are
della here isn't a color one and I don't
know where I bought her from off the top
of my head I want to say it was everyone
calm this is one of the league's I got
for like 14 or 15 dollars but obviously
posted for you either way
it's a really inexpensive wig it doesn't
matter where you buy it from hair
sisters Sam's every line anywhere is
cheap it's like fifteen dollars right
now I know wig tight jeans he has it for
like $13 but it is one of those
shake-and-go type wigs where you just
simply shake it out and keep on stepping
and I had tried this on when I was in
Columbus back in October and I loved it
the store that was selling though they
were retailing for like $40 and I was
like y'all are cute anyway it does not
have any combs in it it does have ear
tabs and it's it's kind of got a cap in
it like the crown part has a cap in it
the rest of its open so this would
probably be a good summertime wig there
is not a lace but they did make effort
to try and make an area where a part
should be but when I tried it on in a
store even though it was not a lace
front wig it still looked very realistic
so go ahead and put this qe1 I've been
looking for us a cute short black wig
that didn't look super Wiggy and this
was it I'm gonna call this my Olivia
Benson wig because this totally looks
like Olivia Benson fair or Mariska
Hargitay haircut in her short hair days
on Special Victims Unit
it is so cute
so as you can see it covers very well my
hair is put down or I still can't braid
y'all but I use the fishtail braid
method on my hair to get it down
underneath this wig cap and it's much
better than twists because I just did it
last night
and you can pretty pleased with anyway I
think with a little time and effort in
the world this way will pump up its
volume
it does say safe up to three hundred and
sixty three hundred and fifty degrees
Fahrenheit on here premium fiber the
hair looks really good it does kind of
look like human hair blend but it's not
it's not human hair bling but it looks
really good it's not Wiggy it does not
have a wiki charm to it but I love it it
also comes in specialized colors as you
can see there and that's it that's the
review so stay tuned for fixtures that
you can tune
you